README.md, before:

# Braille Translator
This is a simple program that converts **English** sentences to **braille**.

## Sample
**Input** = "I have 2 dogs. A pomeranian named \"DODO\" and labrador named \"RIO\". Dodo is 9 years old and Rio is 10 months old."

The following **Input** converted to Braille using the program:
**Braille Output** = ⠠⠊ ⠓⠁⠧⠑ ⠼⠃ ⠙⠕⠛⠎⠠ ⠠⠁ ⠏⠕⠍⠑⠗⠁⠝⠊⠁⠝ ⠝⠁⠍⠑⠙ ⠘⠦⠠⠙⠠⠕⠠⠙⠠⠕⠘⠦ ⠁⠝⠙ ⠇⠁⠃⠗⠁⠙⠕⠗ ⠝⠁⠍⠑⠙ ⠘⠦⠠⠗⠠⠊⠠⠕⠘⠦⠠ ⠠⠙⠕⠙⠕ ⠊⠎ ⠼⠊ ⠽⠑⠁⠗⠎ ⠕⠇⠙ ⠁⠝⠙ ⠠⠗⠊⠕ ⠊⠎ ⠼⠁⠼⠚ ⠍⠕⠝⠞⠓⠎ ⠕⠇⠙⠠


## Disclaimer
All the Braille symbols are taken from [Pharmabraille](https://www.pharmabraille.com/pharmaceutical-braille/the-braille-alphabet/)

Please consider that a 100% correct braille translation can only be done by a human, as this requires an understanding of the text content. Some Grade 2 Contractions require a text understanding that a machine can't have. For example, the combination wh can be replaced by one character in grade 2, but not when the word is combined of two words. So a(wh)ile is OK, but ra(wh)ide is not.

Commit message:

Updated README,Updated comments in code,Header file now has no unrecognized character

README.md, after:

# Braille Translator
This is a simple program that converts **English** sentences to **braille**.

## Sample
**Input** = "I have 2 dogs. A pomeranian named \"DODO\" and labrador named \"RIO\". Dodo is 9 years old and Rio is 10 months old."

The following **Input** converted to Braille using the program:
**Braille Output** = ⠠⠊ ⠓⠁⠧⠑ ⠼⠃ ⠙⠕⠛⠎⠠ ⠠⠁ ⠏⠕⠍⠑⠗⠁⠝⠊⠁⠝ ⠝⠁⠍⠑⠙ ⠘⠦⠠⠙⠠⠕⠠⠙⠠⠕⠘⠦ ⠁⠝⠙ ⠇⠁⠃⠗⠁⠙⠕⠗ ⠝⠁⠍⠑⠙ ⠘⠦⠠⠗⠠⠊⠠⠕⠘⠦⠠ ⠠⠙⠕⠙⠕ ⠊⠎ ⠼⠊ ⠽⠑⠁⠗⠎ ⠕⠇⠙ ⠁⠝⠙ ⠠⠗⠊⠕ ⠊⠎ ⠼⠁⠼⠚ ⠍⠕⠝⠞⠓⠎ ⠕⠇⠙⠠


### NOTE :
To **run** this code in your **powershell** or **CMD**, you need to set it up for **Braille font** that can be downloaded from [here.](https://www.dafont.com/braille.font).
It's better to run the code in an **IDE**.

## Disclaimer
All the Braille symbols are taken from [Pharmabraille.](https://www.pharmabraille.com/pharmaceutical-braille/the-braille-alphabet/)

Please consider that a 100% correct braille translation can only be done by a human, as this requires an understanding of the text content. Some Grade 2 Contractions require a text understanding that a machine can't have. For example, the combination wh can be replaced by one character in grade 2, but not when the word is combined of two words. So a(wh)ile is OK, but ra(wh)ide is not.
